fix(docs): content review #5 (#2100)
scaleway/docs-content: tutorials/setup-k8s-cluster-rancher/index.mdx

## Rancher Overview

Rancher is an open-source container management platform, providing a graphical interface making container management easier.

> The GUI of Rancher makes it easy to manage secrets, handle roles and permissions. It allows scaling nodes and pods, set up load balancers without the requirement of a command line tool or the editing of hard to read YAML files.

Reviewer: To me, a more natural-sounding correction for this structure (in other places too) would either be:
- It allows you to scale node and pods
OR
- It allows the scaling of nodes and pods

(also the other verbs later in the sentence then need to change form accordingly, either way)

> The GUI of Rancher makes it easy to manage secrets, handle roles and permissions. It allows scaling nodes and pods, set up load balancers without the requirement of a command line tool or the editing of hard to read YAML files.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The GUI of Rancher makes it easy to manage secrets, handle roles and permissions. It allows to scale nodes and pods, set up load balancers without needing a command line tool or to edit hard to read YAML files.
```

> The GUI of Rancher makes it easy to manage secrets, handle roles and permissions. It allows scaling nodes and pods, set up load balancers without the requirement of a command line tool or the editing of hard to read YAML files.

Author: ```suggestion
The GUI of Rancher makes it easy to manage secrets, handle roles and permissions. It allows you to scale nodes and pods, set up load balancers without the requirement of a command line tool or the editing of hard to read YAML files.
```
